Adobe Commerce 2.3.7-p4 Release notes
=====================================

**Official link**: https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/release-notes/2-3-7-p4.html


.. important::
    
    PHP 7.3 reached end of support in December 2021, and Adobe Commerce 2.3.x and Magento Open Source 2.3.x will reach end of support in September 2022. **We strongly recommend planning your upgrade now to Adobe Commerce 2.4.x or Magento Open Source 2.4.x deployment to help maintain PCI compliance**.

**Apply `AC-3022.patch` to continue offering DHL as a shipping carrier**

DHL has introduced schema version 6.2 and will deprecate schema version 6.0 in the near future.
Adobe Commerce 2.4.4 and earlier versions that support the DHL integration support only version 6.0.
Merchants deploying these releases should apply `AC-3022.patch` at their earliest convenience to continue offering DHL as a shipping carrier.
See the `Apply a patch to continue offering DHL as shipping carrier <https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/7707818131597-Apply-a-patch-to-continue-offering-DHL-as-shipping-carrier>`_ Knowledge Base article for information about downloading and installing the patch.

What's in v2.3.7-p4 release?
----------------------------

This security patch includes:

*  Security enhancements
*  Security bug fixes. See `Adobe Security Bulletin <https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb22-38.html>`_ for the latest discussion of these fixed issues.

Security highlights in v2.3.7-p4
--------------------------------

Security improvements for this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices, including:

*  ACL resources have been added to Inventory.
*  Inventory template security has been enhanced.
