Adobe Commerce 2.3.7-p2 Release Notes
=====================================

**Official link**: https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/release-notes/2-3-7-p2.html

Adobe Commerce 2.3.7-p2 is a security release that provides security fixes that enhance your Adobe Commerce 2.3.7 or Magento Open Source 2.3.7 deployment.
It provides fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in the previous release (Adobe Commerce 2.3.7-p1).

.. important::

    PHP 7.3 reached end of support in December 2021, and Adobe Commerce 2.3.x and Magento Open Source 2.3.x reaches end of support in April 2022. **We strongly recommend planning your upgrade now to Adobe Commerce 2.4.x or Magento Open Source 2.4.x deployment to help maintain PCI compliance**.

**Apply AC-3022.patch to continue offering DHL as a shipping carrier**

DHL has introduced schema version 6.2 and will deprecate schema version 6.0 in the near future. Adobe Commerce 2.4.4 and earlier versions that support the DHL integration support only version 6.0. Merchants deploying these releases should apply AC-3022.patch at their earliest convenience to continue offering DHL as a shipping carrier. See the `Apply a patch to continue offering DHL as shipping carrier <https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/7707818131597-Apply-a-patch-to-continue-offering-DHL-as-shipping-carrier>`_ Knowledge Base article for information about downloading and installing the patch.

What's in v2.3.7-p2 release?
----------------------------

This security patch includes:

* All hotfixes that have been released for the preceding patch release
* Security enhancements
* Six security bug fixes. Only one of these six fixes is an externally reported vulnerability. Fixes for externally reported vulnerabilities are documented in the `Adobe Security Bulletin <https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb21-86.html>`_.
* Bug fixes for the `Klarna <https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/v2.3/payment/klarna.html>`_ and `Vertex <https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/v2.3/tax/vertex.html>`_ vendor-developed extensions.

Hotfixes v2.3.7-p2
------------------

This release includes the following hotfixes, which address known issues first identified in Adobe Commerce 2.3.7-p1:

* Patch ``AC-384__Fix_Incompatible_PHP_Method__2.3.7-p1_ce.patch to address PHP fatal error on upgrade``. See the `Adobe Commerce upgrade 2.4.3, 2.3.7-p1 PHP Fatal error Hotfix <https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408021533069-Adobe-Commerce-upgrade-2-4-3-2-3-7-p1-PHP-Fatal-error-Hotfix>`__

* Patch ``Adobe Commerce 2.3.7-p1 known issue outdated order total for PayPal``. See the `Adobe Commerce upgrade 2.4.3, 2.3.7-p1 PHP Fatal error Hotfix <https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4405999788685-Adobe-Commerce-2-3-7-p1-known-issue-outdated-order-total-for-PayPal>`__

Security highlights in v2.3.7-p2 release
----------------------------------------

- **Session IDs have been removed from the database**. This code change may result in breaking changes if merchants have customizations or installed extensions that use the raw session IDs stored in the database.

- **Restricted admin access to Media Gallery folders**. Default Media Gallery permissions now allow only directory operations (view, upload, delete, and create) that are explicitly allowed by configuration. Admin users can no longer access media assets through the Media Gallery that were uploaded outside of the ``catalog/category`` or ``wysiwyg`` directories. Administrators who want to access media assets must move them to an explicitly allowed folder or adjust their configuration settings. See Modify Media Library folder permissions.

- **Lowered limits to GraphQL query complexity**. The GraphQL maximum allowed query complexity has been lowered to prevent Denial-of-Service (DOS) attacks. See `GraphQL security configuration <https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/graphql/security-configuration.html>`_.

- **Recent penetration test vulnerabilities** have been fixed in this release.

- The unsupported source expression ``unsafe-inline`` has been removed from the Content Security Policy frame-ancestors directive.